Remapping streams is the process of transforming
an input event and outputting it in a different form to a new stream.
So here were have JSON data color red.
Sending it through our stream processor where we're going to turn from JSON into Avro.
Remapping data is a common task in data engineering,
and it's frequently used for data health and security reasons.
There are a few scenarios that fall under the bucket of remapping.
The first might be that an input data-set is in
one format but it's needed in another by a downstream client.
For example, I might have a stream that consists of JSON data,
but a downstream application only accepts Avro.
A remapping process would involve adjusting the JSON data,
transferring it to Avro,
and then rewriting it into a new stream.
Another common scenario is to remove specific or necessary fields.
This is similar to filtering as we just discussed.
The key distinction here though is that we're not removing the entire event,
we're simply removing one or more fields from the event.
It's also quite common to receive a data structure in
one format but have an application that requires that data in a different form.
This is often a simple as renaming fields or changing the hierarchy of the input data.